MTA-4505 Release Notes and Attributes Update for MTA 7.2.2 (#98)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/ref_resolved-issues-7-2-2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.2.0/master.adoc

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="resolved-issues-7-2-2_{context}"]
= Resolved issues

This section provides highlighted issues that have been resolved in {ProductFullName} 7.2.2.

.MTA CLI completes analysis for compiled Java binary without dependencies
Previously, when analyzing applications that did not include dependencies in the compiled Java binary, {ProductShortName} CLI failed the analysis because no dependency was found. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-3415[(MTA-3415)]

.MTA CLI allows the use of `--target` flag for custom targets 

> Previously, {ProductShortName} CLI did not permit passing a custom target by using the `--target` flag. Analysis did not complete even though custom rules were available for the custom target. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4629[(MTA-4629)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, {ProductShortName} CLI did not allow the `--target` flag, to add a custom target. Analysis did not complete even though custom rules were available for the custom target. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4629[(MTA-4629)]
```

Author: Thanks! done

> Previously, {ProductShortName} CLI did not allow the `--target` flag in analysis to create a custom target. The analysis did not complete even though custom rules were available for the custom target. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4629[(MTA-4629)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, to create a custom target, {ProductShortName} CLI did not allow the `--target` flag in analysis. The analysis did not complete even though custom rules were available for the custom target. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4629[(MTA-4629)]
```

Reviewer: Just a nit, but this sounds more clearer? I am turning into a pedantic reviewer, influenced by someone!

Author: Yup, sounds better :) thanks!

> .MTA CLI analyses generate consistent effort for applications with private repository source control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.MTA CLI analysis generate consistent effort for applications with private repository source control
```

Author: ah, just checked the RH supplementary style guide that seem to allow plural nouns.

> Previously, analyses of an application that is linked with a private repository source control, yielded varying effort in {ProductShortName} CLI. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2984[(MTA-2984)] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, analysis of an application with a private repository source control, generated varying effort in {ProductShortName} CLI. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2984[(MTA-2984)] 
```

Author: Thank you! I accepted two suggestions. Here, the scenario is about multiple analyses of the application. Hence, retaining the plural form.

.Issue report suggests fix for issues after an analysis in the MTA CLI

> Previously, the HTML issue report in {ProductShortName} CLI did not display the description of fix for issues after completing the analysis. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4782[(MTA-4782)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the HTML issue report in {ProductShortName} CLI did not display the description of the fix for issues, after completing the analysis. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4782[(MTA-4782)]
```

Author: Thanks, done

.Weblogic application analysis in MTA CLI reports more issues

> Previously, the Weblogic rule did not trigger issues for the `PromoService` class under the proprietary logger category after analyzing a Java application in the {ProductShortName} CLI. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-3845[(MTA-3845)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the Weblogic rule did not trigger issues for the `PromoService` class under the proprietary logger category, after analyzing a Java application in the {ProductShortName} CLI. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-3845[(MTA-3845)]
```

Author: Thanks, done.

> .Metric targets for `RHSSO` operator are up for Tackle addons

Reviewer: Don't understand what you mean my `targets for operator are up`. If you mean, `generated`  , I would suggest using that. Not sure if this MTA specific.

Author: Modified, thanks!

> Previously, when you configured `tackle` with authentication for the {ProductShortName} operator, the `RHSSO` operator metric targets were down in the {ocp-short} console. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.2. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-4816[(MTA-4816)]

Reviewer: I don't understand the term `targets were down`. If you mean, `targets were not generated`, then I would suggest using that.

Author: Thanks, modified it.
